Ha ha ha
This custom of yours, a romantic counterfeit
I won't teach you a lesson today.
You don't know who is the owner.
Oh, Gerding.
Don't you dare touch it again.
What is broken is not this pin.
Feeling protected
Good. Listen to me.
It's OK. I... I'm not standing up.
Two people.
These two scammers
Today ruined my signing party.
Like my fiance
Please help.
I, Lam Khanh Nhi, will definitely miss everyone's friendship.
Benefits of Bang Dien Group in the future
Everyone here has friends.
What are you waiting for?
One yard win.
Hit me hard.
Open Buddha's eyes so I can see clearly.
This Lam Chi is not the richest person at all.
The premise is that you don't want to protect.
There's no need to talk to these people.
Finally, I will remind you one thing.
Long Xuyen is, after all, a rich man's world.
It's best if you want to offend your rich parents.